""" 
File: lyonsm_module_4_algorithm.py
Author: Marki Lyons
Course: Foundations in Programming Fall 2023
Module: 3
Date Created: 2023-11-20
Date Updated: 2023-11-21

Description: 

This program creates two classes. The Rectangle class is the 
parent class, from which the Parallelepiped child class inherits 
the attributes of length and width. 

The Rectangle class initializes these attributes via user input, 
then uses the input data to calculate the perimeter and area of a 
rectangle. Before passing that information onto its child class, the 
results of the input and calculations are displayed for the user. 

The Parallelepiped class takes advantage of inheritance by re-
utilizing user input of length and width, then prompts the user for
the shape's height. With this data, it calculates the volume of the
shape and prints the results for the user. 
"""

Step 1: Create the Rectangle() class
1. Use the init method to initialize the class
    - print a greeting message to the user about the purpose
      of the class
    - add the length and width attributes
    - assign the length and width attributes to user input    
2. Create a method to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle
3. Create a method to calculate the area of a rectangle
4. Create a method to display the user input of length and width, 
   as well as the calculated results of perimeter and area

Step 2: Create a Parallelepiped() class that inherits from the
        Rectangle class
1. Initialize the class
    - print a message to the user about the purpose of the new
      functionality
    - reassign the length and width attributes to utilize them
      from the parent class
    - add the height attribute and assign it to user input
2. Create a method to calculate the volume of the parallelepiped
   and print the result

Step 3: Create and call the main function

Step 4: Create documentation
1. Add docstrings to each class and method to describe the 
   functionality of each part of the program
2. Create an html file using pydocs
    - Use the command python -m pydoc -w <file name>

